1)
List of Primitive Data types

 Data types		Default Value
+ int   	-     0
+ float     -	  0.0
+ double    -     0.0
+ char 		-     null
+ short     -     0
+ long      -     0
+ byte      -     0
+ boolean   -     False

2)
Interface :

Interface is a class which has only the declarations. It should not have any implementations in it.
If one class implements the interface then the class wants to implement all the methods of the interface.
It is used for multiple inheritence in java. Ex: MultiInterfClass

3)
Abstract vs Interface

Interface has no implementation code in it. But the abstract Class may have some implemented methods.
Interface is declared with interface keyword and the Abstract is declared with abstract keyword.
We use implements keyword for implement the interface in a class.
We want to use extends keyword for inherit a abstract class in a class.
If we implements a interface we want to implement all methods of the interface.
If we inherit a abstract class no need to implement all methods of the abstract.
If we want to do some implementations also then we go for abstract otherwise we use interface.

4)
Two types of polymorphism
+ Overridding Ex:rectCalTest class
+ Overloading Ex:SufTest class

5)
OOPs - Object Oriented Programming
Features :
+ In Object oriented programming the object is important
+ More security than procedural level programming.

6)
Object:
object is a instance of a class. It is loaded on heap memory.

7)
Inheritence:
A class takes all the property of the another class is called inheritence. The inherited class is known as 
super class or parent class. The inheriting class is called child class or sub class.
Types:
+ Single Inheritence
+ Multi Level Inheritence
+ Hirarchial Inheritence

8)
Constructor
It is initialise the state of the object.It has the syntax like the method. But it is called when a class is created.
The Constructor are in two types 
1) Default Constructor			2) Parameterized Constructor

9)
Steps to connect JDBC

1) Import the required libraries
2) JDBC Registeration (class.forname())
3) Get Connection (DriverManager.getConnection())
4) Create statement object.
5) Execute the query.
6) Close the connection.

10)
Maven is software for creating jdbc projects.

11)
Checked Exception: It is occur in compile time. Ex: StudentTest class
Unchecked Exception: It is occur in runtime time. Ex: StudentsTest class.
Custom Exception: It is defined by the developer. Ex: UserDefTest class.

12)
this keyword:
If a global variable and the local variable has same name then this keyword is used for mention the global variable.
Syntax: this.var_name

super keyword:
super keyword is used for call the method of super class.
Syntax: super.super_cls_method_name.

13)
Package: small case letters.
Class: Upper Camel case.
Interface: Upper Camel case.
Variable: Lower Camel case.
Methods: Lower Camel case.

14)
List vs Set vs Map
List and set are index based. But Map is key based.
Set and Map have only unique values. List has repeated values.
Map is sort the key automatically. but set and list have predefined index starts from 0.

15)
Generics
It is used to stored only a single type of objects.
If we create an array with Integer type then the array only store integer values
It check it at compile time.
Syntax:
ArrayList<data type> name = new ArrayList<data type>;